She might flee to another country with it.
No,
she might talk Nam Tae-il
into killing us all
and manage to keep her identity hidden.
So if she finds out
we're tailing and watching her,
how do you think she'll react?
What you're doing
is the same as forcing her
to betray us. Okay?
Now, I have no choice…
but to trust and wait for Comrade Kang.
I have no other choice.
BLOW YOURSELVES UP WITH THE HOSTAGES BY
MIDNIGHT, OR LIM SU-HUI WILL BE EXECUTED
Once the meeting with Choi Mi-hye is over,
someone from Swiss BR Bank will come.
Your job is to go to the bank with them
and wire the money to the paper company.
Got it.
Didn't you tell them
not to clean the room until checkout?
I did.
What are you doing?
If I pray,
will it be answered?